Describe CI/CD jobs (#120)
kyma-project/keda-manager: README.md

## CI/CD

### Pipelines running on pull requests

> The following CI jobs are part of development cycle. They are verifying functional correctness of the keda-manager and do not verify contract with respect to Kyma's lifecycle-manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following CI jobs are part of the development cycle. They verify the functional correctness of keda-manager but do not verify the contract concerning Kyma's lifecycle-manager.
```

| Name | Required | Description |
|------|----------|-------------|

> |[`pre-keda-manager-operator-build`](https://github.com/kyma-project/test-infra/blob/main/templates/data/generic_module_data.yaml#L144)|true|builds keda operator's image and pushes it into dev registry|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|[`pre-keda-manager-operator-build`](https://github.com/kyma-project/test-infra/blob/main/templates/data/generic_module_data.yaml#L144)|true|builds Keda operator's image and pushes it to dev registry|
```

> |[`pull-keda-module-build`](https://github.com/kyma-project/test-infra/blob/main/templates/data/generic_module_data.yaml#L102)|true|builds module's OCI image and pushes it to dev artifact registry. Renders Module Template for keda module that allows manual integration tests against lifecycle-manager|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|[`pull-keda-module-build`](https://github.com/kyma-project/test-infra/blob/main/templates/data/generic_module_data.yaml#L102)|true|builds module's OCI image and pushes it to dev artifact registry. Renders Module Template for the Keda module that allows for manual integration tests against lifecycle-manager|
```
